Not your man, Diana.
Remember?
I'm your dog.
Hey, hey, Alex, you okay?
Good?
Diana, what are you doing?
Why'd you do that?
Because she is constantly trying to seduce my fiance.
Well, it's clear who the real couple here is.
Let's go, Diana.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
Okay, I...
They're only doing that because of me.
I promise it's...
Sebastian hates me.
Okay, he's hated me since we were kids.
Why does he hate you so much?
My father left his mother for mine.
So, I guess he's just built up that resentment, that anger,
carried it with him, I don't know.
But I seriously believe that if he had the chance,
he'd kill me.
Kill you.
He's your brother.
No, no, he's capable of cruelty.
Okay, just like his mother.